index: document how to add first user in containerized application (#582)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/install/index.md

To create a new administrator account:

> 
> **Local application**
> 
> - `pipenv run invenio users create <EMAIL> --password <PASSWORD>`
> - Activate it with `pipenv run invenio users activate <EMAIL>`
> - If you have email verification enabled (as per defaults) you may want to [verifiy the account manually](https://inveniordm.docs.cern.ch/customize/vocabularies/users/#confirm-user)
> - Allow the user to access the administration panel: `pipenv run invenio access allow administration-access user <EMAIL>`
> 
> **Containerized application**
> 
> 1. Login to your `web-api-1` container (use `docker ps` to find the exact name): `docker exec -it my-site-web-api-1 bash`
> 
> 2. Within the `web-api-1` container enter the following commands to create a first user
> 
> - Create User: `invenio users create <EMAIL> --password <PASSWORD>`
> - Activate User: `invenio users activate <EMAIL>`
> - Give User Admin Role: `invenio roles add <EMAIL> admin`
> - Confirm Email using `invenio shell` and then typing
>   ```
>   from flask_security.confirmable import confirm_user
>   from invenio_accounts.proxies import current_datastore
>   from invenio_db import db
>   user=current_datastore.get_user("<EMAIL>")
>   confirm_user(user)
>   db.session.commit()
>   reindex_users([user.id])
>   ```
> 3. Login with <EMAIL> and <PASSWORD> to https://127.0.0.1/login/
> 

Reviewer: I like the numbered steps and specifying to connect to a container. The 2 approaches are essentially the same, so how about:

```suggestion
Depending on whether you are in a local or containerized setup, take note of the variations immediately following before stepping through the subsequently outlined steps. 

**Local application**

Per usual, in a local application context, precede the `invenio` commands by `pipenv run` (e.g., `pipenv run invenio users create <EMAIL> --password <PASSWORD>`).

**Containerized application**   
In a fully containerized context, connect to a container first e.g. the web-api container: `docker exec -it my-site-web-api-1 /bin/bash`. Then run the commands from within the container as-is. 

**Steps**
1- `invenio users create <EMAIL> --password <PASSWORD>`
2- Activate it with `invenio users activate <EMAIL>`
3- If you have email verification enabled (as per defaults), you may want to [verifiy the account manually](https://inveniordm.docs.cern.ch/customize/vocabularies/users/#confirm-user) using the user's <EMAIL>.
4- Allow the user to access the administration panel: `invenio access allow administration-access user <EMAIL>`
```
